I often ponder the bro. 

He is an integral part of popular culture, especially at the time of this writing when social media is so prevalent in our lives. The proliferation of bro-based Twitter, Instagram, etc. accounts exemplify how much the bro has contributed to modern popular culture. For example, if you do not follow the Chadtucket Instagram account, do yourself a favor, click that link, follow them, and then come back to read the rest of this post. 

As predominant as the bro is in modern day life, I never thought much as to what really defines bro-ness. That is until my father set me on my path to my true brocation. Years ago, I was speaking with my father and described someone as "a total bro", which I acknowlege is a total bro thing to say. My father, not knowing what I meant, asked a seemingly innocuous question: what is a bro? It left me asking myself the same question.

Eventually, I came up with this description for him: a bro is someone who says "bro" a lot and over-indexes on getting into bar fights. It served the purposes of that conversation, but in hindsight, this is a gross over-simplification of societal dynamics that this analysis attempts to correct.

Attempting to explain what is a bro continued to fascinate me for longer than I care to admit. Later, I made my first breakthrough: a composite statistic that I coined as the Marina Bro Index. It was my first real attempt to quantify how much of a bro someone is. Specifically, it described bros who live in San Francisco's Marina neighborhood. The equation was

(x + 3y + z^2) / x + y + z + 1

where x, y, and z were all subjectively selected behaviors of people who are normally considered Marina Bros.

This was an entertaining social experiment, but while creating the Marina Bro Index, my mind was first opened to consider the diversity of bros. What makes someone a Marina Bro is inherently different than what makes someone, for example, a Frat Bro although they are both, ostensibly, bros.

I lamented to a colleage about how the Marina Bro Index couldn't be generalized to explain bros as a whole. We agreed that the main limitation was rooted in the fact that the components used to generate the statistic were too specific to Marina Bros. It would be naive to think that even the weights of the variables could be the same between all bros while allowing for the behaviors that the variables represent to vary. After much pontification over the various manifestations of the bro gestalt and the specific characteristics therein, the idea for A Taxonomy of Bros was born.

First, a few disclaimers:
1. This entire post is meant to be poetic hyperbole. Please interpret my findings as such because I am not being serious. 
2. I am in no way implying fault with the bro. In fact, I am a bro myself. The results of my Brocational Examination are presented in the analysis to follow.
3. In the extremely unlikely event that someone is reading this, you may notice that I only discuss male behaviors in this analysis. The reason for this is simple: I am a man, and as such, possess exactly zero domain expertise in the societal dynamics that govern female interactions and sentiments. For example, I have not the faintest idea if the concept that is bro even exists in the female vernacular. Apologies for my ignorance. 

On to the bros:

Being such a diverse species, I had extraordinary difficulty quantifying what it means to be bro in its generalized form. Instead, this analysis focuses on a few key areas of the broader bromain. After much deliberation, my friends, colleagues, and I came up with the following list of bro archetypes to include. It is by no means comprehensive, but I believe it captures many of the superspecies customary in the Unites States. 

!!! Insert bro descriptions


